In this lecture, we are going to create the directory structure for our various sites earlier in the
course.
I created the following entries using name keeps free DNS, WPEC allai, dot com and alias to WPEC ally
dot com w w w dot.
And I created two subdomains, blog and forum.
The server web route is located in slash va slash w w w ownership of slash va slash w w w is root root.
When you create directories, I recommend you name the directory, your domain name slash public underscore
HTML.
All your WordPress files would then be inside the public HTML directory to get an overview of the directory.
Layout will use a utility called Tree.
In this lecture we are going to be using the S.H. own command.
That is to change ownership.
We need to create a few directories mkdir.
When you create a directory you can at the same time create the subdirectory by using the hyphen.
P Flag Tree is a package that we will install.
There are no configuration files in this lecture.
Let's change to the slash via slash w w w directory listing with a half an L flag displays the ownership
route route and at the moment there is an existing directory called H.T. Emelle inside slash file slash
w w w the correct ownership is your user as the owner and the web server as the group owner.
We are still in the early stages of setting up our WordPress sites so the ownership we can make our
user our user, so the ownership we will make in my case, Andrew as the owner and Andrew as the group
do we need to invoke route privileges?
S.H. Own Hyphen R and it's an uppercase are the user we want to give ownership to is Andrew.
The group we want to give ownership to is Andrew and the path is slash far slash w w w a long listing
now will show us the ownership is Andrew.
Andrew.
It's no longer route route.
Now we want to create the directory for our first site.
MK Dei are followed by the domain name and there is WPEC allai dot com.
It's changed to that directory.
A listing will show you that it's empty.
We want to create another directory and call this directory public.
Underscore HTML a listing.
There is directory public on the scope html, KDDI space two periods.
We want to go back one level to the w w w directory.
Now we have two more directories that we need to create.
Log dot WP Ally dot com and forum dot WPEC yellow dot com.
That is for our subdirectories mkdir.
Only this time we add the hyphen p flag log dot wp seelie dot com slash public underscore html compress
your up error key remove block and I'll add for change to the block directory unless there is our public
underscore html directory sudo hepcat install and we want to install the package tree.
You can type treat at the prompt and there is a view of our Web route directory, we have now created
the directories and the subdirectories that are going to store our WordPress sites.